may simonetta of shirt tie
dot com
today we talk about casual first
let's make some clarity there are three
types of clothing exist
formal or elegant clothing in
whose return to the tuit tux or all
with clothing for occasions
very important and very elegant
semi formal clothing because it is
consisting of the dress is clothing
casual casual wear
the most classic example I can give you is
that of a blazer and a pair of
gray trousers, however, often yes
consider all these three degrees of
clothing all these three types of
clothing like clothing
elegant or formal indeed it is not so
and especially on casual
there is a lot of confusion often for the
casual identifies a t shirt a
pair of jeans not for shoes
classic as you saw from the example
previous I did when I got
talked about clothing case we have
given the example of a blue blazer and a
pair of gray pants you see that not
I have spoken neither of sneakers
in jeans and in t shirts because they are thick
yes there is this error we say
in identifying a
a jacket a blue blazer with a pair of
gray trousers as clothing
elegant is a t shirt with jeans and like
case clothing because there are various
house types and every kind of case is
suitable for different occasions I have
identified the five these five types
business casual is part of the business
casual what is the step that just
under the clothing business so
below the casual business environment
you can wear it in companies where not
is required as a dress code
strict and therefore business clothing
it will be there too typical one kidney
broken then we have another kind of
home that is a casual chic
in short, a clothing anyway
relaxed but very well cared for
among other things this kind of
clothing is often more expensive in
price terms of a clothing
business
there is another type of house and this
we can consider that clothing
which we call sportswear
without doing any kind of activity
physical a relaxed clothing where
however there is always some care
extended some attention in dressing
and which also demonstrates the commitment of
interest you have in what you are
doing so go to eat pizza
with the girl or go home friends a
see the game as long as you are
relaxed it is not demanding
etc
however, show some care in the
billion
and presented in front of other people
the two following categories are those
which are absolutely not indicated for
important meetings for meetings
business or for those meetings
where important your image and elia
put the emphasis on your credibility
on your importance then we will have a
case at the weekend suitable that weekend
which will pass in relax of known for
come down to shop in the shop
under the house or to bring out the
dog
always bear in mind that
however there is a minimum of interaction
with the others
and here we could go
well the jeans the slice and the t shirt with
sneakers
the next the last category of the
al case will be the one intended for
physical activity or for da
use when you stay at home and if
sure no one comes to see us
then the sweat suit and the shoe from
gym
you can use it if necessary for
stain the garden to wash the
your car but nothing more
when you are in doubt rather better
put on something more than something in
the less you will always have time to say that
subsequently you have another type of
commitment
I have prepared guidelines tables
with the various case to the goal of which we have
spoken today with the attires
recommended for each category if you do
a jump on the blog you can find them
obviously they are simply gods
guidelines as always for now vi
I greet and thank you and see you soon
hello from simonetta